# Stay Out Of The House Padlock Code
  
To manage this, I have one of those keypad locks. I change the code between each stay, so each guest has their own code. This also prevents re-entry from former guests. I tend to send the code to my guests, by message, about 24 hours before check in. If I have more than one guest in a week, I will make up the codes ahead of time, and only change it so that it works for the appropriate guest just before their stay.
 
Imagine being able to double-check that your door is securely closed and locked, no matter where you are. Not sure when the kids or contractors entered your home?  
With ShepLink, your Shepherd Lock stays connected to you wherever you go. Check the mobile app for instant peace of mind.
 
**Download Zip ✶✶✶ [https://8acefabsa.blogspot.com/?download=2A0TcT](https://8acefabsa.blogspot.com/?download=2A0TcT)**


 
With Shepherd Lock, you and the people you share a virtual key with can touch your deadbolt to lock or unlock your door from the outside. Once inside, you can touch Shepherd Lock and your door will lock or unlock for you. No more digging for house keys or punching in pins or codes.
 
Shepherd Lock actively monitors your door and notifies you during lock tampering events, sounding an alarm to ward off burglars. Shepherd can freeze the deadbolt in the locked position, keeping intruders out of your home and giving you time to respond to the tampering event.
 
Shepherd Lock is compatible with single cylinder deadbolt locks, which is a standard deadbolt lock found on most residential doors within the USA. You do not have to replace your deadbolt in order to install and use Shepherd. Shepherd Lock attaches to the inside of your door in lieu of the thumb turn lever.
 
*'At the beginning of this upcoming month, all work and productions conducted at the Crawford Mill will cease to continue. Due to a lack of business over the past year, the owners unfortunately cannot afford to keep the mill open and running, therefore it will be condemned and sold to the state, where they will either repurpose the building or demolish it. Furthermore, the owner of the establishment has been diagnosed with stomach cancer, likely due to radiation exposure.* *Himself and his wife will be moving away from Cedarville in hopes to find a better treatment center closer to the city. He sends his deepest apologies to all employees who've dedicated their time and efforts toward the betterment of the company. You may gather all belongings within the last week of production, otherwise they will be thrown out as the building gets cleaned before being condemned. Thank you all.'*
 
*'This letter is to inform all parishioners at the Cedarville Assembly of God of some unfortunately sudden and upcoming changes to our standard curriculum. Being said with a heavy heart, our family of religious followers have turned elsewhere. There are few who still attend our service, while the rest have sought out an opposing teaching nearby.*
 
*However, the sanctuaries they've found stray further from the Bible and from our God than I'd originally thought. In fact, they are NOT following the Bible, and it is my understanding that their syllabus is full of nonsensical gibberish. I don't know who or what they are worshipping, but friends and colleagues of mine have started to treat me as a stranger, as if they cannot converse with me due to their new beliefs. I've dealt with threatening letters over the past few weeks, as well as an attempt at arsons on our beloved church.*

*Last night, while eating with my family, a bullet was fired through my kitchen window. While it barely missed my head, it has completely obliterated one of my favorite paintings given to me by one of our choir members. This treatment and threats are things I cannot take lightly, and therefore after collecting my belongings at the church, I will be leaving town in search for a new place of worship. I do not wish to leave but feel as if I have no choice, and I'd advise anyone who still comes to our church to join me towards our new place of hope and prosperity. Thank you for all your kindness and understanding during this time.'*
 
*The goal of The Church of Father's Vision is to create a community abundant with repentance and salvation. We will help you obtain a growing relationship between yourself and the Lord, either at one of our many days of worship in person or via weekly tapes which can be delivered to your doorstep. We seek to spread the message of God across the world to provide the unknowing, ignorant, or those in need with the everlasting life He has waiting for us all.*
 
*Doctor James F. Beau is an authentic server of God since early childhood. A married man, father, and beloved pastor; he firmly believes in living by Christ through spreading His gospel and encouraging his neighbors to worship the Lord with him at The Church of Father's Vision.*
 
*"God, in His goodness, has called on me to preach to the world. My desire is to please and glorify Him with my life, and I hope to join hands with the world and live by His word, through worshipping him as one."*
 
*Mill Creek, OK - The gruesome realization of the incompetence of our once trusted police force shines its head, once again, after the sixth in what can now be considered an undeniably connected series of kidnappings from late-night shops and 24 hour restaurants across a large portion of Western Oklahoma.*
 
*As of last night, 34 year-old Debra Kopiske is the latest victim of notorious Night Shift Abductor that has had a considerable presence in terrifying our communities over the last four weeks. Though initially thought to be unrelated disappearances, three locations show video evidence of the same abductor at multiple locations between Custer County and its surrounding areas.*
 
*All six abductions have had similar circumstances: typically the employee was alone on shift in the dead of the night and was confronted by the assailant after a period of observation, when the venue was at a period of little to no business. The victims were assaulted via a blunt object before being rendered immobile of unconscious and being removed from the store into what can only assumed to be an unmarked vehicle.*
 
*Though only three moments of video evidence have been provided, the police and state investigators have finally conceded that this string of kidnappings were likely all performed by the same assailant. The Night Shift Abductor, is the,* [sic] *as the moniker has been provided,* *is a large built adult male, assumed to be in his mid to late thirties, standing roughly 6'4 and an assumed 250 pounds. Very few details of the assailant are known, as his identity is well concealed during the assaults via a makeshift burlap mask and thick, seasonal clothing. A definitely odd feature is that the kidnapper also has been noticed as wearing a huge rubber apron at the scenes of at least three of the six apparent kidnappings. A police sketch-artist has made a rough look of the assailant's appearance, and are asking anyone in the public who see this man report his whereabouts immediately to your local officials.*
 
*Police and the public should be on the lookout for anyone matching this notably odd appearance during any late-night outings they may be on, as the habits and patterns of the abductors crimes are not fully identified, but make no mistake: These incidents do not appear to be slowing down. How much longer are we to expect this slow, unproductive case to continue? With no little evidence to be shown after such a rash and violent attacks* [sic] *have been continuing, it brings to light that...*
 
*Cordell, OK - No one expects a slow, regular night at work when you're on the late shift. "The real weirdos tend to show up at night" is something I've commonly heard from graveyard shift workers, but there is also a certain calmness and certainty in those weirdos. We are now seeing the darker side of these late-night travelers showing up, and more devious than ever. Two nights ago, at the Shop-Stop in the rural stretch of S. Melbourne in northern Custer County Marvin Delaney, 26 year-old clerk and college student, was abducted at around 2:00 AM. Security footage of the attack was recovered, though the assailant and their means of escape were not captured on film.*
 
*It appears that at about 1:49 AM Delaney was shown on camera in a state of distress, watching the front of the store closely before being attracted to the back office, where he was cornered and assaulted by a large man wielding what appeared to be a mallet. The attack was swift, though Delaney still appeared conscious after the multiple attacks to his head and chest. The assailant was only seen for small glimpses of the security recording, but local police and state officers are taking this attack with severe scrutiny, attempting to follow on any leads in Delaney's activities that may have responded in such a brutal, and flagrant, assault. With no family or close friends to provide any additonal information, progress on this investigation is slow, but scrupulous*
 
*There are many, however, that believe that this assault and kidnapping bears a striking resemblance to a similarly unexplained disappearance in March of this year in Blaine County; Alicia Sanchez, age 19, disappeared during a similarly late shift at a convenience store, though with no security footage to explain her location later in the night, and no signs of forced entry. Whether or not this is another piece in a more dire series or crimes, or just an act of random violence, it leaves a grim impression on this line of work, and we can only hope that leads become more apparent and for the safe return of Marvin. Anyone working in a similar position may be wise to work with other staff as often as possible, and report any odd occurrences or threatening persons that may be on the scene. Please, be careful.*
 
*It was so easy when there were more homeless on the streets, you could just tell them whatever they needed to hear. Getting them alone took no time at all, and no one ever noticed they were missing.*
 a2f82b0cb4
 
